Holga will come back in this video.
We're going to do a single or API.
So go ahead and do that.
Now what we can copy this entire thing to copy pieces here and then we're going to have or are going
to get.
I actually we're going to change this to parents.
I can change this to.
And as well as I want to do.
Fine wine.
We want to fine all we want order that's it so extra We need to do is we have to do deep populate the
hard right and products dot product.
And then you want to the.
We want to populate the orange field.
So the next thing we can do is we're going to go to order.
Yes.
And actually we're going to get a product and we're going to copy the populate and go to order in PCB
here.
And then we will add that plug into orders or just want play again and then Hasen park you really want
to go back to economy.
Yes.
And I think that's about it.
Let's go ahead and test this.
So let's go to postman and let's open up a new tab and just copy this up here.
And at the IBM for example let's go back here and go ahead and get one of the Order ID for orders.
Let's get the first one car reduce here pieces here and we're going to we have to pass in the in
Trese in
your piece here.
Let's go ahead and click.
And there you have it be specific order and it's CS orders so go ahead and tweet that graphical error.
So it is change from orders to order and change to suit.
Or does this just go back to postman send again
and do you are that order.
So we are getting our single order from the least of orders before is what we did was we are getting
all the orders but now we are only getting a single or so they can see what kind of products you pre-Chase
and so on.
So this about it.
And I'll see you guys in the next section.